# CS-230

The client, The Gaming Room, is a studio looking to publish a web game called Draw It or Lose It. This is a spin on Win, Lose or Draw in which players guess what is being shown as the computer begins to show pieces of the art as clues. They are looking for a game with the ability to have multiple teams, multiple players, unique player and team names, as well as only one instance of a game at a time. The client wanted this built on a web based platform that relies on a server-client relationship. In the documentation, I believe I did well to showcase the variety of options available to The Gaming Room. I was able to show the many small advantages that each of the platforms had over another, and ultimately was able to show how Windows may be the easiest platform due to its overwhelming userbase. I found that the software design document helped me to understand the many different approaches available for the project. It helped to show me that the approach chosen for the software is only one of many, many options. It also helped to show how the platforms that must be accounted for in the code, and how they interact. Overall, I could have improved on my recommendations the most. In the recommendations, I spoke about how Linux is natively supported on Windows and discussed it as an option. However, due to my unfamiliarity with Linux I feel I could not fully understand how it interacted as a platform. I feel like diving into the platform and experiencing it as a user would have improved my understanding of the platform as a whole. One of the main things the user needs is compatability with their platform. As such, the focal point of the design was on portability and cross platform using API calls to allow access via several devices. It is important to consider the user's needs as they will be the main person utilizing the application. If the application is not meeting the user's needs, they will simply go elsewhere. The approach started by casting a wide net and seeing what platforms were possible to reach and what approaches existed. After that, I began to narrow down the options by looking at how they compared in several key areas such as user friendliness, affordability, and reach. I was then able to narrow down the options to a much smaller field. In the future I plan to use a similar strategy of starting large and working my way in by filtering out poor options.
